Colors in mplex (yikes... figure out how to get it running again :())
	Only missing part is to translate <div class='room_title'> to <div class='cpy cn'>
	on the server. That should be fairly easy. Probably only do so for telnet users.


Maybe: SFUN_TEACH, add parameter so teacher just teaches what can be learned...?
Maybe: Teachers ignore "ability, ..." prefix for remote training when training locally
Maybe: Teachers hyperlink what you can train so you can just click it
Maybe: Fix ships (it's dark and they all run thier own code)
Add map for Cypress and Haon-Dor

Weapons from Thomas

Test XP works as expected.
Test play

Converting justice.cpp to DIL would be amazing. The last terrible bug I found was there (took 1+ week to find).

I would like the following cleaned up for a distro:
   (It's really there because Valhalla has been growing and spurting for 25 years and 
    trying to support veteran players that are level 65,000 :-)))

	Professions
		Maybe change "Dark Knight" to Barbarian. DK is really just an evil paladin. Guild determines?
		Maybe change Conjurer to Bard to have a thief / mage prof. Mage and COnjurer are just variants based on guild.
		Or add the two.
		Need to go through most Professions and get them steamlined in tune with what players would expect
		they seem quite messy at the time of writing

	Revise the guild teachers in guilddef.h so they actually teach what is reasonable.
	Maybe if the teacher 

Suggests plan to revise data and points and start sequence:

   0) It would be good with a brief summary of each profession
        Is a fighter generally good with almost all melee weapons ?
		Is a Paladin mostly good with Swords & 2H swords? The they use battle axes?
		Are Knights also using huge battle axes?
	  Just so there is a basic consensus. For example, right now I think
	  it is incredibly odd that the fighter was unable to practice most
	  weapons. I think it might be fine that a whip, rapier, stiletto is
	  less for a fighter and more for someone more dexterous and less strong,
	  e.g. thieves and assassins, maybe rangers.

	I suggest we add these to the Wiki and get it described at least at a core
	level. Not too long :)

   1) Revise the ability costs:
   		- profession practice costs in skills.cpp
        - Revise etc/ability.def racial modifiers

   2) Revise basis.zon playerinit() DIL
        - the assigned abilities based on race 
		- the ability + based on profession.
		(will +4 MAG with -5 MOD give -1?)


A few new novel weapon types would be nice. They're listed in weapons.def

Could add frenzy skill (would be a blast)



Docs
----
Improve help files
Improve documentation on the Wiki


Client
------
Try to get rid of that pesky firefox security alert (because field type changes to hidden and back again)

Keep alive from mud client to server
	Every 5 minutes send a signal if there has been no actions.

Add alias'es to client

Add triggers to client

Settings button:
	CSS Style picker for different color schemes.

Map out core zones.
    - I'll pay for a cMUD to use as a mapping tool. Add code for cMUD mapping.
    - If there's an artist anywhere we should have nice maps drawn


maps
----
MS: Consider downloading cMUD and adding codes to support the mapping feature and build maps of the zones.
	If I do then output tags dirty until mapped and then zap them again. 

MS: Add graphical maps to the zones from cMUd.


server
------
MS: Ken mentioned light issues. Check value overrun. It's a known bug.
MS: Performance of DIL. wander_zones would benefit from being ported to C :o)


DIL bug
-------
I just triggered a DIL error that said the stack size didn't match.
Didn't sound good. It's the same error I saw the other day in the log. Now I know how to trigger it.

 hm := skillchecksa@skills(SKI_SEARCH, ABIL_BRA, ext.vals.[1]);
In this scenario ext was NULL. 


---
Current bugs

fix MAX_STR_LEN problem in szonelog and log.
  - reboot (means remove autoreboot from base)
player convert & checking utility to either dil or other external utility

vmc to work more like gcc for make file use

dil data types:
	finish zoneptr
	multidemenisonal arrays	
unit lists

dil func search inside a unit and return a list of items that matches criteria
  - would be nice if it returned a unit pointer list


remove the remaining special functions after replacing with dil. see spec_assign.h
log_obj in whatever beside special
bank in dil
justice in dil (just have protect lawful, whistle, and reward board left) 

commands left to convert
backstab  (needs combat in dil)
consider (needs combat in dil)
kill(needs combat in dil)
cast (needs combat or some of it at least)
knock (why hasn't this already been done)
level

These may always be in base but who knows. The top ones are likely to
change the bottom ones are least likely. They could all change if we
made them dil functions that could be called from a dil command. This
would allow for the ability to allow lower level people access if
needed

																									  set (mostly done needs same thing wstat does we use nset for now)
wstat																									  
																									  load (could do this with the load dil func already)
																									  
Nanny stuff that could be done now:
																									 bann
																									 wizlock

																									  path																									 
																								 where
                                                                                          account
                                                                                     color
                                                                                                 at 
																								          save 
		                                 change
																 crash
																									  shutdown
																									  snoop
																									  switch
users
																			
																									  
COMPLETE
---------
gotolook in dil
boards in dil
competition dil
 transparent work correctly.
check $exit_other to make sure people outside see message currently only
* player check (isplayer)
social changes so you can't see socials not for your level maybe even
a total rework of socials 
skill and weapon names and values
Internal Function index for commands cmdptr
	int lists
*test locking items that have key if you have in inventory the key hole
 disapears.
*Fix loadstr, savestr and split.
removed all warnings
removed swap code
*switched (unitptr) field
*writing (true/false) field
unit directory
string directory
string functions
  - indexed strings
  - tolower, toupper
  - left, right, mid
  - make sure 'in' returns a position number
*  skill and weapons info functions like spell_info so that
    we can make status in dil.
Fixed the attack_spell function so it will allow for dil effects like the rest
   of the spells.  This only means it needs to take another argument like the
   spell_damage in the base code.
make sure the <> actually works for strings.
abilities
spells
skills
weapons

